Bragging is also limited
What you know in your cell is nothing more than a rooster
Blowing still dares to call Xiaowei's family the death of martial arts
Fortunately, I left you
Otherwise, you will really kill me.
villain bias
shortsighted
How do you know Yuzhou has gotten taller?
Enough, I'll give you an explanation about the book
Your opposition to the Lei family is undoubtedly setting yourself on fire
You are harming the Qin family like this
Leave, Mingyue
Why don't you leave first?
Don't worry.
Our Qin family is not ungrateful
I will definitely repay your life-saving grace
Hey go
It's not that easy to leave now
Grandpa is done
You are on stage, pay attention.
Grandpa is dead this time
The two behind Lei Shao are retired from the Kunlun faction
Half-life unintentional master
I didn't want to pull each other into a fight like you
But you insulted me over and over again and I didn't grab it.
Do you want to explain to us today?
Can't go out
Yeah.
Break his legs and see if he still dares
Are you teaching me how to do something?
dare not dare
Lianlong Leaping Tiger
Break his legs
Hey stop
If I break his legs now
So uncreative
Outsiders know I can do it
Don't I have no face?
Well, do you have any good ideas?
Lei Shao
We could crush every bone in his legs
He'll never get up.